Astro 1/17 release notes (#1746)
astronomer/docs: astro/release-notes.md

**Latest CLI Version**: 1.9.0 ([Release notes](cli/release-notes.md))

> ## January 17, 2023

Author: ```suggestion
## January 18, 2023
```

### Bug fixes

> - Fixed an issue in GCP clusters where a Deployment's metadata database could persist even after the Deployment was deleted.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Fixed an issue in Google Cloud Platform (GCP) clusters where the metadata database for a Deployment could persist after the Deployment was deleted.
```
